### README Supplemental Fig4
This directory contains the data and code for the figures and statistical tests shown in Supplemental figure 4.

## There are two files in this directory:
- `SuppFig4.ipynb`, the Jupyter Python notebook used to visualize the data and perform statistical tests.
- The python notebook is further annotated with markdown explaining the purpose of the code, rationale behind statistical tests, and origin of the data/experiments.
- `SuppFig4 data.xlsx`, which is an excel spreadsheet used to organize the data. 
	- The data in the tab titled `Supp Fig4` has the raw and calculated data from the OMX experiments. 
	- data was generated using max projections in ImageJ (see methods for further details).
	- Columns with titles highlighted in green are the raw data. Blue highlights denote background values, and orange values denote calculated values. 
	- Asterless intensity was used to distinguish between mother and daughter centrioles. 
	- Microtubule signal was used to determine cell cycle placement. 
	- Using these metrics, the daughter/mother ratio of Centrobin signal was calculated. 
		- this value is stored in the column titled `Adjusted Cnb D/M Ratio`.
	- This was then log10 corrected for plotting, and is stored in the column titled `Adjusted Cnb D/M Ratio - Log10`.
	- Visualization was done using the `seaborn` library. 
		- statistical tests were chosen based on compatibility with the data: chi-squared goodness of fit statistical test. a p value of 0.05 was used to determine significance.  
- The last sheet is titled `STATS` and contains the stats tables generated by the python notebooks.
 

