### README FIG7
This directory contains the data and code for the figures and statistical tests shown in figure 7.

## There are two files in this directory:
- `FIG7.ipynb`, the Jupyter Python notebook used to visualize the data and perform statistical tests.
- The python notebook is further annotated with markdown explaining the purpose of the code, rationale behind statistical tests, and origin of the data/experiments.
- `Fig7 data.xlsx`, which is an excel spreadsheet used to organize the data. 
	- The data is organized by what figure it corresponds with.
	- The data in the tab titled `Raw Fig 7E, F` contains the raw and calculated values for _Pp4_ mutant neuroblasts with either 0X or 2X Ccentrobin-positive centrosomes.
	- mutant or wild type cells with 1X centrobin-positive centrosomes were not quantified here, as they were already quantified in Figure 5. 
	- The data was organized for visualization in the tab titled `Figure 7E organized`. 
	- The frequency of 1X, 0X, or 2X centrobin-positive centrosomes was done using the data in `Raw Fig 7E, F`.
	- Visualization was done using the `seaborn` library. 
		- statistical tests were chosen based on compatibility with the data: if the data was normally distributed, an unpaired student's t-test was used. If the data was non-parametric, a two-sided Mann-Whitney U test was used. Frequency differences were calculated using the chi-squared goodness of fit statistical test. a p value of 0.05 was used to determine significance.  
- The last sheet is titled `STATS` and contains the stats tables generated by the python notebooks.
 

