### README FIG5
This directory contains the data and code for the figures and statistical tests shown in figure 5.

## There are two files in this directory:
- `FIG5.ipynb`, the Jupyter Python notebook used to visualize the data and perform statistical tests.
- The python notebook is further annotated with markdown explaining the purpose of the code, rationale behind statistical tests, and origin of the data/experiments.
- `Fig5 data.xlsx`, which is an excel spreadsheet used to organize the data. 
	- The data is organized by what figure it corresponds with. 
	- The raw data for Polo intensity is stored in the tab titled `Figure 5C, raw`.
		- Calculations were also done in this spreadsheet. 
		- Interphase was defined as at least 30 minutes prior to nuclear envelope breakdown, and prometaphase was defined as the timepoint where both the apical and basal centrosome had fully matured. 
		- There are columns that store the interphase and prometaphase data separately, both the raw data and the data after background subtraction. 
			- Background was determined based on the intensity of empty pixels in the image. These values were subtracted out from centrosomal and cytoplasmic signal. 
		- After subtraction, the ratio of either apical centrosome/cytoplasm, basal centrosome/cytoplasm, or apical centrosome/basal centrosome was determined using background-subtracted values. 
	- After calculation, the data was organized for visualization in the tab titled `Figure 5C, organized`.
	- Similar calculations were done for Centrobin intensity in tabs `Figure 5J, raw` and `Figure 5J, organized`.
	- The tab titled `Figure 5F, G` contains the line plot data used to generate the line scans in figure 5F and G.  
		- Visualization was done using the `seaborn` library. 
		- statistical tests were chosen based on compatibility with the data: if the data was normally distributed, an unpaired student's t-test was used. If the data was non-parametric, a two-sided Mann-Whitney U test was used. a p value of 0.05 was used to determine significance. 
- The last sheet is titled `STATS` and contains the stats tables generated by the python notebooks.
 

