### README FIG2
This directory contains the data and code for the figures and statistical tests shown in figure 2.

## There are two files in this directory:
- `FIG2.ipynb`, the Jupyter Python notebook used to visualize the data and perform statistical tests.
- The python notebook is further annotated with markdown explaining the purpose of the code, rationale behind statistical tests, and origin of the data/experiments.
- `Fig2 data.xlsx`, which is an excel spreadsheet used to organize the data. 
	- Within this spreadsheet, the data is organized into sheets based on what figure the data corresponds with.
	- The tab titled `Fig 2C` contains the raw and calculated data for figure 2C. 
		- This tab further differentiates between data that was collected on the 3i microscope and the BC43 microscope. 
		- There is a different imaris spot size (in X,Y,Z values) for each microscope. 
		- The raw average fluorescence value of endogenous yTubulin23C::GFP was recorded in column F (`raw AVC GFP`).
		- The background noise value (which was determined by looking at empty pixels in each image) was then subtracted out of the raw values in column G (`subtracted AC GFP`).
		- As detailed in the jupyter notebook, the background value was 100. 
		- This subtracted centrosome value was then ratioed against the average value of cytoplasmic signal. 
			- Similar to the values for the centrosome, cytoplasmic values were used after subtracting background noise.
			- the average cytoplasmic intensity value was 115 --> therefore, after background subtraction, the cytoplasmic value is 15.
			- Therefore, the background-adjusted centrosomal values were ratioed against a value of 15, recorded in column H (`AC/Cyto GFP`).
		- The data in the `AC/Cyto GFP` column is what is plotted and analyzed in the jupyter notebook. 
		- Visualization was done using the `seaborn` library. 
		- statistical tests were chosen based on compatibility with the data: if the data was normally distributed, an unpaired student's t-test was used. If the data was non-parametric, a two-sided Mann-Whitney U test was used. a p value of 0.05 was used to determine significance. 
	- The tab titled `Fig 2F` contains the raw and calculated data for figure 2F. 
		- The same calculations and rationale was applied to this dataset as was applied for the data in Figure 2C.
- The last sheet is titled `STATS` and contains the stats tables generated by the python notebooks.
 

